feat: autodocument webhooks (#4360)
keephq/keep: docs/snippets/providers/netdata-snippet-autogenerated.mdx

This provider can't be used as a "step" or "action" in workflows. If you want to use it, please let us know by creating an issue in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/keephq/keep/issues).

## Connecting via Webhook (omnidirectional)
This provider supports webhooks.

To send alerts from Netdata to Keep, Use the following webhook url to configure Netdata send alerts to Keep:

1. In Netdata, go to Space settings.
2. Go to "Alerts & Notifications".
3. Click on "Add configuration".
4. Add "Webhook" as the notification method.
5. Add a name to the configuration.
6. Select Room(s) to apply the configuration.
7. Select Notification(s) to apply the configuration.

> 8. In the "Webhook URL" field, add KEEP_BACKEND_URL/alerts/event/PROVIDER_TYPE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. In the "Webhook URL" field, add KEEP_BACKEND_URL/alerts/event/netdata
```

this should apply to all

Author: You're changing auto-generated files. I will update the generator.
